all right so by request this is my
recipe for pasta Tina it's one of the
few things my kids eat and it's a name
that they made up something called
pastina this is something that Italian
families will serve their babies it's
like kind of a starter pasta and this is
what it started with my daughter Jane
called it pasta Tina which was cute and
it is evolved I now use a bigger
possible but any small size pasta
combined it really doesn't matter which
one you use you can use any kind this
one in particular is a Coppa top II
which I've found and is a fun shape for
the kids so the first thing you want to
do is get the water boiling because that
takes a minute so I'm gonna I did do
that I've got that going I'll put a
little bit of salt in in there maybe
more salt than I should have began with
the pasta Tina sauce now I wanted to
make this kind of healthy and so I
thought beans are a healthy thing so
these are cannellini beans in the can
could use dried if you have the patience
to soak them overnight the nice thing
about chemical but I've already cut
myself the nice thing about Catalina
beans in the can is they have this
liquid and that is useful I'm gonna pour
a little bit of it out and then I'm
gonna do is take my little hand blender
it happens to fit perfectly and I can
[Applause]
so must be Roger all right
so now that I blended these the children
won't know they're eating beans garlic
there are no good recipes that do not
contain garlic I'm being heckled by the
peanut gallery I said she knows there's
beans in the pasta you know there's
beans in the pasta now well guess what
you love them so now do you think you
like beans Oh way to go it could be a
disaster all right so I'm gonna take
three cloves of garlic see these I'm not
gonna go too crazy with slicing them or
cutting them I'm just gonna squash them
makes it easy to peel and it's kind of
how I like to cook them anyway so there
we go we got three garlic cloves we got
some olive oil uh-huh thanks for asking
loan I put it like medium low by actual
sometimes I'll tilt the pot there you
guys telt it why because then you can
really cook the garlic nice and golden
now here's the thing about garlic if it
turns brown you've overcooked it you
need to start over again just throw it
away don't think it's gonna be fine
whether it's bleeding
yes so now we're gonna get this garlic
cooking I'm gonna take a look inside my
pasta and make sure it's not sticking to
the bottom all right that's good
it usually takes about eight minutes or
so to cook we'll get this going and
in the meantime if you'll step back over
here what I have here is miners chicken
base this is like a like a concentrated
broth you can also use they have a
vegetable base if you don't want the
base of the chicken in your food that's
good too so I'm gonna use about and a
spoonful of this stuff goes in but I'm
gonna wait I'm gonna put that in with
the beans now we need a minute
and we'll come back to this oh dear all
right so we got the garlic just lightly
gold in there if I was eating this
myself I probably leave the garlic in
the pasta but kids don't want to fight a
big clump of pasta so I'm gonna take
these garlic cloves out this is really
about flavoring the oil takes about I
don't know three minutes or so maybe
four minutes now we'll take my
cannellini beans I will dump those right
into the pan
these don't need to be cooked they're
already cooked so I'm just eating them
and I will put a bit of chicken base
give it flavor I'll have to add salt you
have chicken base I just kind of mix
that up get that going
don't have to be too crazy about mixing
it I think my pasta is ready now
to turn the burner off so I don't start
a fire and I have some unorthodox
methods so all right now we're gonna go
right into the cannellini beans as you
see or maybe we should have gone into
this that's what we're gonna do we're
now going to go into the big pot and see
what we got in there nice and now maybe
the most important part of the whole
deal
besides event is serving it with
Parmesan cheese now here's the thing I
know I grew up like this - you had that
green cardboard cylinder of Parma that's
not partnership I don't know what that
is it's closer to sawdust than it is
Parmesan cheese if there's an Italian
deli in your neighborhood go there and
get some I actually kind of grind it
myself
and just you have good Parmesan cheese
is very important not just for recipes
but for your life so put a little bit of
parmesan on these a couple bowls for the
kids and you - I will make you one oh
yeah I'm yours I'll grind a little
pepper it's a little bit different when
you make it for adults I occasionally
will puree an egg and add it to the hot
mixture so it has a little something
extra protein wise but not today
oh I just remember Billy doesn't like
cheese on his so we're gonna get to see
a little tan
all right here we go no where's your
fork
what happened uniformed let me eat your
pork what do you think Jane it's good
okay all right
this is it pasta Tina what do you guys
think do you think other kids will like
it oh yeah yeah okay well there you go
they say yeah that's it
pasta Tina make it at home I'm gonna go
to the emergency room now